Space team

Plan
1) Captain mess setup for local area network auto-connect
2) Set up graphical buttons and levers with basic interactions
3) Name generator with two words - seed word lists dune and other space terms http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/geekend/75-words-every-sci-fi-fan-should-know/
4) function to generate these prefabs
5) thing that calls the generator and lays them out on a plane
	a) Optionally, could just create a layout prefab that then would get populated, but would not work in the desired end case where you get non-uniform layouts
6) ensure all button names are unique per game
7) spawn prefab for player

9) Track per-player "score"
10) show player score up to the breaking point as particle effects around the buttons
11) Unet fallback/auto-switch for internet based fallback


Punted:
1) Lever tasks -  
				   integrate rigidbodies and linear drive this is not a first pass feature
                   query current state of switches to see if command should be "on" or "off" - can defer

tech - button normalizedInstintaniousForceTowardsOrigin  is 0.01 per frame with current settings, meaning the actual movement per frame is "(2.3, -14.6, 61.1)"... probably too big

spaceteam notes
not sure how to design button
bought 3d button package for reference and it even punted on most of these issues.
oh well, it wil sereer as a guide for how to restrict some of this stuff

I guess the only button depression is from this experement.
<ba dum tish>


just going to add a spring joint to the button capsule and let it float back up if not being mashed
nope, even that seems too fiddly. physics is always more complicated than you think, would need to cheat the scene too much by setting up too many fake objects
just going to set up a float value that will let the object go back "up" 

going to cheat the lever by using parent gameobjects to house the rigidbody
actually all the rigidbody stuff is going to cause me tons of pain. because you could pluck out the button. not something I want the user to do
ok, only physics that I control on enter/exit/stay/etc maybe. let's give this a go with the lever

wa



Reference:
steamvr interaction tutorial is a good place to start for steamvr
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPQougskzn8

Y is up in steam examples, where z and x are directional on the 2d plane. I thought this was correct, just double checking.


later:


decided to acapella the sfx since Zombie farm on ios did this and it was awesome. So why not give it a go.


offtopic:
noticed one of the top button scripts on assetstore likely uses the schell games runtime->editor reflection trick to pause the game using the editor flow and/or by throwing an exception, a trick used to break out of infinite recurison

watch is an option of advanced inpsector